#Article 1 (Purpose)\nThe purpose of this Act is to establish the standards for terms and conditions of employment in conformity with the Constitution, thereby securing and improving the fundamental living standards of workers and achieving a well-balanced development of the national economy.
#Article 2 (Definitions)\n(1) The definitions of terms used in this Act shall be as follows:\n1. The term "worker" means a person, regardless of being engaged in whatever occupation, who offers work to a business or workplace for the purpose of earning wages;\n2. The term "employer" means a business owner, or a person responsible for the management of a business or a person who acts on behalf of a business owner with respect to matters relating to workers;\n3. The term "work" means both mental work and physical work;\n4. The term "labor contract" means a contract which is entered into in order that a worker offers work for which the employer pays its corresponding wages;\n5. The term "wages" means wages, salary and any other kind of money or valuables, regardless of their titles, which the employer pays to a worker as remuneration for work;\n6. The term "average wages" means the amount calculated by dividing the total amount of wages paid to a relevant worker during three calendar months immediately before the day on which a cause for calculating his/her average wages occurred by the total number of calendar days during those three months. This shall apply mutatis mutandis to the employment of less than three months;\n7. The term "contractual work hours" means work hours on which workers and their employer have made an agreement within the limit of work hours under Article 50 or the main sentence of Article 69 of this Act, or under Article 46 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act; and\n8. The term "part-time worker" means a worker whose contractual work hours per week are shorter than those of a full-time worker engaged in the same kind of work at the workplace concerned.\n(2) When the amount calculated pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (1) 6 is lower than that of the ordinary wages of the worker concerned, the amount of the ordinary wages shall be deemed his/her average wages.
#Article 3 (Standards of Terms and Conditions of Employment)\nThe terms and conditions of employment prescribed by this Act shall be the minimum standards for employment, and the parties to labor relations shall not lower the terms and conditions of employment under the pretext of compliance with this Act.
#Article 4 (Establishment of Terms and Conditions of Employment)\nTerms and conditions of employment shall be freely established on the basis of equality, as agreed between workers and their employer.
#Article 5 (Observance of Terms and Conditions of Employment)\nBoth workers and employers shall comply with collective agreements, rules of employment, and terms of labor contracts and be obliged to fulfill them in good faith.
#Article 6 (Equal Treatment)\nAn employer shall neither discriminate against workers on the basis of gender, nor take discriminatory treatment in relation to terms and conditions of employment on the ground of nationality, religion, or social status.
#Article 7 (Prohibition of Forced Labor)\nAn employer shall not force a worker to work against his/her own free will through the use of violence, intimidation, confinement, or any other means by which the mental or physical freedom of the worker might be unduly restricted.
#Article 8 (Prohibition of Violence)\nAn employer shall not do violence to a worker for the occurrence of accidents or for any other reason.
#Article 9 (Elimination of Intermediary Exploitation)\nNo person shall intervene in the employment of another person for making a profit or gain benefit as an intermediary, unless otherwise prescribed by any Act.
#Article 10 (Guarantee of Exercise of Civil Rights)\nAn employer shall not reject a request from a worker to grant time necessary to exercise the franchise or other civil rights, or to perform official duties, during work hours: Provided, That the time requested may be changed, unless such change impedes the exercise of those rights or performance of those official duties.
#Article 11 (Scope of Application)\n(1) This Act shall apply to all businesses or workplaces in which not less than five workers are ordinarily employed: Provided, That this Act shall neither apply to any business or workplace in which only the employer's blood relatives living together are engaged, nor to servants hired for the employer's domestic works.\n(2) With respect to a business or workplace in which not more than four workers are ordinarily employed, some provisions of this Act may apply as prescribed by Presidential Decree.\n(3) When this Act applies, the method of calculation of the number of workers ordinarily employed shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree. <Newly Inserted by Act No. 8960, Mar. 21, 2008>
#Article 12 (Scope of Application)\nThis Act and Presidential Decree promulgated in accordance with this Act shall apply to the State, Special Metropolitan City, Metropolitan City, Do, Si, Gun, Gu, Eup, Myeon, Dong or other equivalents.
#Article 13 (Obligations to Report and Appear)\nAn employer or a worker shall report on, or attend meetings relating to, necessary matters without delay, whenever the Minister of Employment and Labor, a Labor Relations Commission under the Labor Relations Commission Act (hereinafter referred to as "Labor Relations Commission"), or a labor inspector requests to do so with respect to the enforcement of this Act. <Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010>
#Article 14 (Publicity of Purport, etc. of Acts and Subordinate Statutes)\n(1) An employer shall acquaint workers with the purport of this Act and Presidential Decree promulgated pursuant hereto, and the rules of employment, by posting or keeping them at a place readily accessible to workers at all times.\n(2) An employer shall post or keep the provisions relating to dormitories of Presidential Decree as referred to in paragraph (1) and the dormitory rules as provided for in Article 99 (1), in the dormitories, to acquaint workers accommodated therein with them.