#Article 101 (Supervisory Authorities)\n(1) The Ministry of Employment and Labor and its subordinate offices shall have a labor inspector to ensure the standards of the terms and conditions of employment. <Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010>\n(2) Matters concerning the qualifications, appointment and dismissal, and placement of the labor inspector shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
#Article 102 (Authority of Labor Inspector)\n(1) A labor inspector shall have the authority to inspect workplaces, dormitories and other annexed buildings, to request the submission of books and documents, and to interrogate both an employer and workers.\n(2) A labor inspector who is a medical doctor or a medical doctor entrusted by a labor inspector shall have the authority to conduct a medical examination of workers who seem vulnerable to those diseases due to which their continuous employment should be precluded.\n(3) In cases of paragraphs (1) and (2), the labor inspector or a medical doctor entrusted by the labor inspector shall show his/her identification card and a letter of order of inspection or medical examination issued by the Minister of Employment and Labor. <Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010>\n(4) In a letter of order of inspection or medical examination order referred to in paragraph (3), its date and time, place, and scope shall be specified clearly.\n(5) A labor inspector shall have the authority to perform the official duties of judiciary police officials as prescribed by the Act on the Persons Performing the Duties of Judicial Police Officials and the Scope of Their Duties with regard to the crimes in violation of this Act or other labor-related Acts and subordinate statutes.
#Article 103 (Duty of Labor Inspector)\nA labor inspector shall keep strictly any confidential matter which comes to his/her knowledge in the course of performing his/her duties. This shall also apply after he/she is retired from the position.
#Article 104 (Reporting to Supervisory Authorities)\n(1) Workers may report to the Minister of Employment and Labor or a labor inspector if any violation of the provisions of this Act or Presidential Decree under this Act occurs at a business or workplace. <Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010>\n(2) An employer shall not dismiss or treat a worker unfairly for making such a report referred to in paragraph (1).
#Article 105 (Restrictions on Person Having Authority to Exercise Judicial Police Power)\nOnly public prosecutors and labor inspectors shall have the authority to conduct inspections, request the submission of documents, and interrogate employers and workers as prescribed by this Act and any other labor-related Acts and subordinate statutes: Provided, That this shall not apply to the investigation of crimes related to the duties of labor inspectors.
#Article 106 (Delegation of Authority)\nThe authority of the Minister of Employment and Labor under this Act may be delegated partly to the head of a regional employment and labor authority as prescribed by Presidential Decree. <Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010>