#Article 93 (Preparation and Reporting of Rules of Employment)\nAn employer who ordinarily employs ten or more workers shall prepare the rules of employment regarding the matters falling under each of the following subparagraphs and report such rules to the Minister of Employment and Labor. The same shall also apply where he/she amends such rules: <Amended by Act No. 9038, Mar. 28, 2008; Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010; Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012>\n1. Matters pertaining to the beginning and ending time of work, recess hours, holidays, leaves, and shifts;\n2. Matters pertaining to the determination, calculation and payment method of wages, the period for which wages are calculated, the period for paying wages, and pay raises;\n3. Matters pertaining to the methods of calculation and payment of family allowances;\n4. Matters pertaining to retirement;\n5. Matters pertaining to retirement allowances under Article 4 of the Guarantee of Workers' Retirement Benefits Act, bonuses, and minimum wages;\n6. Matters pertaining to the burden of workers' meal allowances, expenses of operational tools or necessities and so forth;\n7. Matters pertaining to educational facilities for workers;\n8. Matters pertaining to the protection of workers' maternity and work family balance assistance, such as leaves before and after childbirth and child-care leaves;\n9. Matters pertaining to safety and health;\n9-2. Matters pertaining to the improvement of environment of a place of work according to characteristics of workers, such as sex, ages or physical conditions, etc.;\n10. Matters pertaining to assistance with respect to occupational and non-occupational accidents;\n11. Matters pertaining to award and punishment;\n12. Other matters applicable to all workers within the business or workplace concerned.
#Article 94 (Procedures for Preparation and Amendment of Rules)\n(1) An employer shall, with regard to the preparation or alteration of the rules of employment, hear the opinion of a trade union if there is such a trade union composed of the majority of the workers in the business or workplace concerned, or otherwise hear the opinion of the majority of the said workers if there is no trade union composed of the majority of the workers: Provided, That in case of amending the rules of employment unfavorably to workers, the employer shall obtain their consent thereto.\n(2) When an employer reports the rules of employment pursuant to Article 93, he/she shall attach a document containing the opinion as referred to in paragraph (1).
#Article 95 (Restrictions on Punishment Regulations)\nWhen a punitive wage cut for workers must be contained in the rules of employment, the amount of reduced wage for each infraction shall not exceed half of one day's average wages of the relevant worker and the total amount of reduction shall not exceed one-tenth of the total amount of wages at each time of wages payment.
#Article 96 (Observance of Collective Agreement)\n(1) Rules of employment shall not conflict with any Acts and subordinate statutes, or a collective agreement applicable to the business or workplace concerned.\n(2) The Minister of Employment and Labor may give an order to modify any part of the rules of employment which conflict with any Acts and subordinate statutes or the collective agreement concerned. <Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010>
#Article 97 (Effect of Violation)\nIf a labor contract includes any term or condition of employment which fails to meet the standards of labor as provided for in the rules of employment, such part shall be null and void. In this case, the invalidated part shall be governed by the standards provided for in the rules of employment.